Update Elastic Agent command reference with Fleet Server flags (#667)
elastic/observability-docs: docs/en/ingest-management/tab-widgets/add-fleet-server/content.asciidoc

* Make sure you download an x64 architecture installation package.
* After generating the service token, save it to a secure location. You might

> need to use this token later to scale your deployment by adding {fleet-server}s.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
want to use this token later to scale your deployment by adding additional {fleet-server}s.
```

Author: I'm going to add this then edit it because "adding additional" is redundant. :-)

> want to use this token later to scale your deployment by adding additional {fleet-server}s.

Author: ```suggestion
want to use this token later to scale your deployment by adding {fleet-server}s.
```
